Update GraphQL support (#3409)
DataDog/dd-trace-rb: docs/GettingStarted.md

| Key | Description | Default |
| --- | ----------- | ------- |

> | `schemas` | Array of `GraphQL::Schema` objects (Only supporting class-based schema) which to trace. If you do not provide any, then tracing will applied to all the schemas. | `[]` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `schemas` | Array of `GraphQL::Schema` objects (that support class-based schema only) to trace. If you do not provide any, then tracing will applied to all the schemas. | `[]` |
```
